RIGHT now, let's go ahead and add NAT Service to our infrastructure.
So I'll go here into the search and I'll type NAT,
and here we have VPC NAT gateway.
I will add one over here,
and I will add a secondary one just for the purpose of
high availability and eliminating single points of failure.
I have a secondary one right here.
Now, at this point,
let's take a moment to understand what a NAT gateway is and does.
A NAT or Network Address Translation Service
is used to provide outbound Internet access to resources in your private sub-nets.
What it does is it translates incoming public traffic into private traffic.
By the way, remember, that it needs to have public access itself.
So remember to place it in a public sub-net.
Back here in our diagram,
let's say we had a server right now in our private sub-net that needed
something from udacity.com or github.com.
What it could do is it could place a request to the NAT gateway,
which will translate that private network requests into a public request,
which will go out through the Internet gateway,
and the data will come back and the NAT gateway will translate that
back into private traffic that our server can see.
Remember, our private sub-nets will have resources that
only half private IPs meaning that they
cannot by themselves be exposed out to the Internet,
so they are going to need the NAT or
Network Address Translation Service in order to be able to access
outside resources such as GitHub or
udacity.com or anything that is public relative to this network.